[Music]
Virginia Code Red Skelton I shall miss
the leaves if any honey for my agent he
knows hello sir
hello hi welcome to the right thank you
and robotic Oh for yourself thank you
very much I hope so yes so finally the
long-delayed 700 action film has come
and it's gonna be releasing and the 23rd
of match right and yes it was a little
bit today because we took a little
longer than we thought to prepare some
of the action which is little
complicated but we shot about a hundred
and thirty days which is not so long
actually for an action film it haven't
stopped so many times I mean not really
there was just one gap we started we had
some complications with dates also so we
started shooting and then realized that
maybe we should wait a little longer and
just plan the rest of the action
sequences a bit better so these are just
boring production things in yeah this is
what I was gonna ask him I'm looking at
the poster where's this any kind is
holding both hands pistols yeah you know
it's like a feel of James yeah but
because and for this poster we said
that's okay
for the first look because people will
think that thank you people will think
that it is a copy of a Bond film but
it's not in a bollywood time yeah but
that would be a mistake because you know
bond is such an iconic character and so
special and their budgets also so
different that they can do justice to
sequences in a different way this is a
very Indian character and you know he's
quite a got a wicked sense of humor and
a very interesting person that serum
Raghavan is written so it's actually
when you see it we remember that the
audience will probably be expecting a
bond Ripper so we present it in a
different way so hopefully people want
to see that when they
you won't feel that when they see it so
agency well he's it's difficult to say
you know I don't think you know so much
about him he's a slightly mysterious
character it doesn't show so much what
he feels it needs to be like that
because see when you have a superhero
then you want to know where does he come
from so it becomes very interesting to
see Batman's beginning more Superman
where he was born how what happened how
did he get his special powers all these
things become interesting but for a spy
it's it's not a good thing to to explain
the less you know about him the more
interesting he is
same with veena with them I'm actually
not even sure what his surname is when
you said my name is Antonio yeah well
that's a different sequence that
somebody's given him a lot of truths
drugs like sodium pentathol which is a
truth serum which they use in
interrogation and he says Vinod but then
he starts looking fascinating no he just
starts making up rubbish to kind of
explain with it's a good scene you have
to see against it it's just funny in the
trailer right now yeah I never see the
whole scene it's amazing the co-star the
beautiful the cutest actress ever in
Bollywood me I personally loved her
Kareena Kapoor Kareena I believe that
that she's a very romantic person right
that's hard
so was it very difficult they were not
so difficult was it somehow boring or
she didn't really like to have like
stands and agents we do know she doesn't
really like doing action and maybe the
the guns going off and the things
blowing up and lots of noise but she's
done some action in the film and she's
done it really well so I mean she says
she doesn't like it but she's remarkably
good at it she's got a very intense kind
of expression or so and so I think this
role suits are a lot it's a good part
and then she's great in it we're lucky
of course but I think that she's more
into the dancing part of the film and
the same I'm sure I'm sure but you can't
tell which part she's into more than the
others when you see the film but inside
I think she does prefer the dancing them
I love the mood restaurant she has a
very good job it's apparent it's the
first time she's done something like
that but she's done it very well so you
think that followed and all the vendee
people they need now more action than
before they don't need no story of
course they need love story I need
romantic films meet all kinds of
different films it's just you know agent
notes a certain type of movie which is
also entertaining and romantic and
charming in places so different stuff
because what's our time scene now that's
all the new movie that's not coming yeah
more concentrating on the action really
yes a lot of that is that I think
there's a these trends keep changing you
know suddenly there'll be a lot of
action films and then suddenly there'll
be lots of romantic film in Limassol
essence whatever but you know so we can
see that agent field it's like the full
package masala action but what's more in
action right there's a little bit of
comedy there's a little bit of it's it
is a full package I think but yeah as
you'd expect it's more a spy thriller
with that kind of action
[Music]